what's good YouTube is your boy Tony
TTYL checking a man for another week of
this weekly sneaker rotation forgot
forgive me for being late guys actually
crosses slipped my mind a lot but uh
after numerous people commenting and
leaving me messages on your Instagram
they finally made me realize I need to
get this out the way I forgot but
forgive me guys and Merry Christmas Eve
to you guys and girls out there um make
sure you guys follow me on IG Twitter of
ID twitter facebook at 22 wild um I'm
actually gonna be doing a giveaway
pretty so now that you guys know now if
you're watching the giveaway be on the
pair of the legend blue fours that are
set to release on january 10 so um yeah
that's a little heads up for you I'm got
to review on the Thames from champps got
to lacing tutorial vids for the Jordans
hand in the Jordan floors um got a
unboxing from karmaloop coming up and
some more videos as well but that's just
something that come on top of the head
but without further ado let's go ahead
and get into this week's sneaker
rotation let's go for sunday had to pull
out the jordan six gold medals i'm
definitely a clean showing my opinion i
love this shoe all white with the gold
laces got a little bit of yellowing
still clean tho those gold lace is just
pop like crazy i like the white laces as
well and i might switch them out but i
haven't done it yet but George's six
gold medal for sunday and definitely a
clean shoe guys very very clean shoot oh
my bad wasn't able to get the six his
blood on I'm in the yacht sevens but I
did get two sixes this is a clean clean
shoot and this is for sunday for Monday
had to pull up the jordan 5 Oreos very
very clean the quality on this shoe is
amazing and I think it's very very well
slept on this shoe actually sold the
most pairs I heard in two thousand and
on 13 over 250,000 and you would think
it's still a sleeper but I mean like
when this shoe release is sat on
nike.com to like five o'clock or so I
remember going on there
seeing it but definitely a clean
cleaning shoe the quality of the suede
is great overall this nice colorway
black suede with that white and then the
oriole sharp teeth and it's the jordan 5
oreo and this is for monday definitely a
cleaning shoot for tuesday pulled out
the asic brazil pack and i came out for
the World Cup Series very clean very
easy to cop very underrated the colorway
is awesome that grin is awesome with the
blue and yellow a sick is a great shoe
overall great quality great build very
lightweight and you know it's easy to
wear so I'm definitely good shooting
normal shooter rock on a Tuesday put
these wrote laces in with the 3m on it
and it is a great shoe asics gel lyte 5
brazil for tuesday on the phone up in
the club on the tuesday for wednesday
pulled out one of the Grails of all time
to join the 13 he got games you already
know what it is I'm pretty sure to see
some of you guys as grills this is the
rate island you already know what it is
um he got games man very very very like
well sure I got two of these men because
i had to his a beautiful shoe beautiful
material um they did right with this one
I don't think there's nothing really
wrong and it's very very close to light
what of the you know of how they
originally released these came out when
I was like eight seven or eight years
old very very clean and very very
classic colorway and shoot the jordan 13
he got games Ray Allen's whatever you
want to call them but very very classic
shoe and this is for wednesday for
thursday throughout the Jordan 17 black
metallic um I guess you call it the
black wizard I don't know what you know
you couldn't call you the Black Widow
I'm not sure this is this up the union
of the old black and metallic or silver
buttons black metallic silver what you
want to call it Jordan 17 really saw
really um not really talking much the 17
but I think 17 is
shoot after you know on the fourteenth
the shoes that he wore I mean this an
issue he wore as well I hope you wore
this colorway maybe he did I know he
wore the white and blue ones and
actually had that but it's kind of too
small these fit really tight I visit a
size 9 and the eight and a half fits
very small still in good condition
Jordan 17 black and silver very clean
very very clean shoe though leave your
comments below on this one God which I
think about the Jordan 17 the bottom has
that up golf it reminded said golf
filled with the holes and all that and
it's very very clean up and that was for
Thursday Judy 17 for Friday had a flood
of LG pair of the shaqnosis rebuy reebok
Tom very very classic shoe sorry for the
laces looking crazy when he's dropped I
was going crazy for him because I wanted
them you don't know when you'll see him
again it's a classic shoe um you know
jack is one of the best centers of all
time this shoe is a classic very flat
footed shoe but very clean still in good
condition very comfortable and it goes
without you know like and why you can
basically rocket with anything um this
was easy to come about I got it
like a week after release for like a
little bit over retail so you know very
very clean shooting my opinion up
shaqnosis let me know what you guys
think about this one in the comments
section by reebok and this is for friday
last but not least guys had to pull up
the adidas Crazy Eights I guess you can
call these rg3's um has that Redskins
colorway to it and it has that football
material on it very clean burgundy and
yellow or maroon in yellow whatever you
want to call one of my favorite colors
you know burgundy is a very serious
color of mine I love this shoe I'm very
comfortable the gum bottoms is awesome
as well um this one of those shoes that
stitched it on shows you probably find
him somewhere maybe even online for
below retail the Crazy Eights don't do
that much you know on sales but off
definitely also shoot at eight you know
about that aight thats that kobe bryant
this was coby's first signature shoe
before he went to um you know this is
his first signature shoot after the
adidas top 10 he wore those and then he
came the Crazy Eights came out and it
was called the co viet i think and then
they changed it to crazy once he went
over the night because you no longer was
on the adidas you know line and whatnot
but this is for saturday d does Kobe
crazy 8 alright guys thanks for tuning
in for this week sting of rotation make
sure you like comment and subscribe let
me know what you guys like about this
weekly lineup let me know long what was
your favorite what you got if you wore
any of the following this week stay
tuned for the legend blue on giveaway
stay tuned for the wheat review on the
karmaloop unboxing the lacing tutorials
and many more mmmm get a lot of videos
out this week before the New Year's I
got oh yeah all sucks what it was top
ten pickles on this year I was gonna do
shot the foamer simpson i was no
probably like a top five most worn shoes
this year I'm gonna do a lot of top
stuff and it's gonna be a lot of videos
coming out within this week before that
new year pops off and I want to get it
all on and all out the way that we gonna
start off fresh as you may know may or
may not know that january january first
we'll start the first completed year on
to the second complainer of my youtube
channel under tony d 2 while so thanks
for all the love and support on that
guys and let's go ahead and get it
popping man Merry Christmas everybody
out there it's your boy 22 while
checking in checking out peace rich
nigga
beautiful oh cool
things on my